Treat you with a sincere heart
Guard you protect you
But you still don't know what that means
Miss Su, if it weren't for Mr. Xiao's secret help
Three years ago, your Su family was already bankrupt
Where did today's prosperity come from?
Impossible this is impossible
Su Jianengwu
Today is up to me to work hard step by step
It's all my credit
How could it have anything to do with him?
Mr. Su just doesn't believe me, does he?
How could President Su believe your nonsense?
Mr. Su did it for the Su Group
Everyone is watching
And you don't leave the door or leave the door
For three years, I will only cheat food and drink in the Suo family
carefree and presumptuous
Okay, stop talking, Mr. Su
I just can't stand them bullying you.
Even if Xiao Chen Beijing is alive
He shouldn't be so hard on people
After all, you are still the sweetheart of the Dragon Palace
The Chen family has been subdued
Don't you want to say something
Ah.
Misunderstandings are all misunderstandings
Ye Nao Jun was all caused by Chen Tianming
We uh
We were also deceived by him, Mr. Xiao.
Hey, hey, I'm really sorry tonight.
Uh, that's my money, uh
Apologize to Mr. Xiao.
Please forgive me.
As long as Mr. Xiao calms down
As long as you like my Wang family's industry
You can take it anytime.
Mr. Xiao, I just need a word from you
We will eventually even go up the mountain to catch the moon
The stars of the sea are also there
Please your little fleet